I will be dignified
It's a normal high-profile task
You made us waiters?
But you look like a dog
I think you are deliberately making fun of us.
Don't want to go in
Our Huacan Group
Kung Fu forced people, your father
We come today
It is for the road to building Huacan Group
We waited so long and didn't see him.
Maybe he's already in
We can only see him if we go in now.
Help us Jiangjiang
Yeah, OK.
We would like to be waiters
Then change your clothes.
There are so many people
This is not
The group of people from the Jiang family who were rejected just now
How does this mix up to be a waiter?
Oh, it's true that feng shui turns.
This Jiang family has been mixed to this point and it is over
Don't say it
The two daughters of the Jiang family are really in good shape
Especially in this outfit
It's really convex and backward, hahaha.